.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" ISIS
.\" 1
.\" 
.TH ISIS 1 "March 30, 2003" MIT/CSR "ISIS Reference Manual"
.\" 
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
ISIS \- Interactive Spectral Interpretation System
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B isis
[options] [FILE [args....]]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page briefly documents the command-line options
recognized by
.B ISIS.
.B ISIS
is a scriptable, interactive S-Lang based system
designed for X-ray spectral analysis.  For detailed
documentation, see the 
.B ISIS 
Reference Manual.
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics, 
.\" respectively.
.SH OPTIONS
This program follows the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`-').
A summary of options is included below.
For a complete description, see the manual.
.TP
.B \-\-batch FILE
Process the S-Lang script FILE
in batch mode, returning to the Unix prompt on completion.
.TP
.B \-g
Compile S-Lang scripts with debugging information
.TP
.B \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-i FILE
Load FILE at startup instead of $HOME/.isisrc
.TP
.B \-l FILE
Direct all output messages to FILE
.TP
.B \-n
Do not load $HOME/.isisrc at startup
.TP
.B \- | \-\-stdin
Take input from stdin;  this is useful mainly for running
.B ISIS
from within an pseudo-terminal such as an emacs shell window.
.TP
.B \-q n
Set verbosity (n < 0 means quieter).
.TP
.B \-v
Show verbose loading messages
.TP
.B \-\-version
Show the 
.B ISIS
version number.

.SH BUGS
None that I know of.  Please notify the author if you find any.

.SH SEE ALSO
pgplot(3),
S-Lang,
cfitsio

.SH AUTHOR
John Houck <houck@space.mit.edu> is the author of ISIS.
